Updated corresponding pages due to with Magento Coding Standard release (#4360)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/coding-standards/code-standard-php.md

  - Standards
---

> The Magento core development team uses [Magento Coding Standard](https://github.com/magento/magento-coding-standard){:target="_blank"} and it is recommended that developers who create Magento extensions and customizations also use this standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento core development team uses the [Magento Coding Standard](https://github.com/magento/magento-coding-standard){:target="_blank"}. We recommend that developers who create Magento extensions and customizations also use this standard.
```

> Magento Coding Standard provides the set of rules which cover following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento Coding Standard provides a set of rules that covers the following:
```

* [PSR-1]{:target="_blank"} and [PSR-2]{:target="_blank"} compliance

> * the use of insecure functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The use of insecure functions
```

> * the use of insecure functions

Author: I don't see an issue here. It looks good to me that we explicitly declare PHP standard we are following.

> * unescaped output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unescaped output
```

> * the use of deprecated PHP functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The use of deprecated PHP functions
```

* PHP code syntax

> * naming convention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Naming convention
```

> * the use of PHP superglobals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The use of PHP superglobals
```

> * empty code blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Empty code blocks
```

> * improper exception handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improper exception handling
```

> * raw SQL queries and many other general PHP and Magento specific code issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Raw SQL queries and many other general PHP and Magento-specific code issues.
```

> ### Coding Standard Compliance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Coding standard compliance
```

> Developers should consistently use [PHP_CodeSniffer]{:target="_blank"} to enhance the readability of the code and ensure that it meets Magento Coding Standard. [PHP_CodeSniffer]{:target="_blank"} is the most popular tool in use throughout the {% glossarytooltip bf703ab1-ca4b-48f9-b2b7-16a81fd46e02 %}PHP{% endglossarytooltip %} development community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers should consistently use [PHP_CodeSniffer]{:target="_blank"} to enhance the readability of the code and ensure that it meets the Magento Coding Standard. [PHP_CodeSniffer]{:target="_blank"} is the most popular tool in use throughout the {% glossarytooltip bf703ab1-ca4b-48f9-b2b7-16a81fd46e02 %}PHP{% endglossarytooltip %} development community.
```
